No, this isn't the first time I've been in trouble.
Loved by you. It’s no more than three,
With his character of helping others and repaying others, we can play like this, right?
I'll let the whole net of good come over me.
Boss Li, you just mentioned all the stones here,
All belong to Tianmei Group for imagination.
Then why don't you unlock this stone yourself?
This stone is big and neat,
I can't even see clearly. If you have money, let’s make it together,
From now on, Tianhai’s Royal Masters Association,
Okay, your boss is really generous.
Then we will play with your boss this time
Then I will take advantage of everyone's luck today
Become a blockage
You underestimate this stone of mine too much.
I can open two paragraphs casually
This is such an original piece.
How about it being a neat and large primitive piece?
I can't understand these five minutes.
So I have to invite everyone to come along.
Then let me pay you three thousand.